Update README.md with documentation reference (#1052)
WordPress/openverse-catalog: README.md

Pull requests are welcome! Feel free to [join us on Slack][wp_slack] and discuss
the project with the engineers and community members on #openverse.

## Additional Resources

> - 2022-01-12: **[cc-archive/cccatalog](https://github.com/cc-archive/cccatalog): The old repository for this catalog contains a treasure trove of information for the original motivations and architecture of the Catalog.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- 2022-01-12: **[cc-archive/cccatalog](https://github.com/cc-archive/cccatalog): The old repository for this catalog contains useful information for the original motivations and architecture of the Catalog.**
```
